---
title: "2019 Week 0"
date: 2019-09-08T09:46:18-05:00
draft: false
---

# 2019 Week 0 Power Rankings

The plan for the season is to use the FantasyPros expert consensus rankings to get an "expert" rating for each team.
We'll then do a coaches poll every week, opening on Tuesday, and hope to get *EVERYONE* to fill it out.

I'll take the coaches poll rankings and calculate the points, as well as normalize them to the same max and min
values that FantasyPros provides, and average them out. That score will be our "Overall" power ranking. After a few weeks
I should also be able to do a "calculated" power ranking using some statistical models, but I still have some work to do
on that.

Note: The FantasyPros expert rankings will be taken on Tuesday evenings using the list of experts that have "Updated
their rankings today".

Without further ado, here are the week 0 rankings.

{{< pure_table
"Team|FantasyPros Score|Coaches Poll Points|First Place Votes|Coaches Poll Normalized|Overall|Trend"
"Drew|95|120|5|100.00|97.5|0"
"Sam|100|98|1|87.21|93.6|0"
"Joe|82|92|1|83.72|82.9|0"
"D'James|93|64|1|67.44|80.2|0"
"Victor|85|63|1|66.86|75.9|0"
"James|72|80|1|76.74|74.4|0"
"Andy|80|64|0|67.44|73.7|0"
"Luke|77|54|0|61.63|69.3|0"
"Matt|76|51|0|59.88|67.9|0"
"Jake|65|60|1|65.12|65.1|0"
"Joey|50|78|0|75.58|62.8|0"
"Justin|66|34|0|50.00|58.0|0"
>}}


As you can see there are a few discrepancies between FP and the Coaches poll, most notably JJanz. JJanz has the lowest FP
rating, but is in the top 5 for coaches polls. One interesting note is that ll of the "middle of the pack" teams were voted
very similarly in the coaches poll, with only 4 points separating the 6-10th teams.



## Packer Superbowl or Brewer World Series

I thought this was an easy one...all of us have witnessed a Packer Superbowl. Although we should have seen more than one
in the Rodger's era, at least we haven't been skunked. But the Brewers...Oh man. When and if they win a WS in my lifetime, 
all hell will break loose. With that being said, we actually had about a 2:1 split on that question.

{{< pure_table
"Answer|Votes|Pct"
"Superbowl|4|36.4%"
"World Series|7|63.6%"
>}}

## Power Rankings of "After year 12 Tat Rule"

Pretty wild mix here, but Body Issue took the cake with 6 first place votes.


{{< pure_table
"Idea|First Place Votes|Total Score|Average Score"
"Sports Illustrated Body Issue Calendar|6|109|9.91"
"More tats|1|87|7.91"
"Something that we decide on a yearly basis.|1|83|7.55"
"Loser has to have a kid|2|79|7.18"
"License plate holder that reads \"I suck at fantasy football\"|0|76|6.91"
"Shave the head|0|68|6.18"
"Dedicating all our fantasy energies into conquering the UP|0|67|6.09"
"Children naming rights. (take that how you wish)|0|61|5.55"
"Christ. Thinking that far down the road is giving me chest pain.|1|61|5.55"
"Loser gets marooned on an island until next draft|0|60|5.45"
"Naming rights of next child.|0|57|5.18"
"12 more years of face tats|0|50|4.55"
>}}

## How satisfied are you with your current work-life balance?

This was a SurveyMonkey suggested question and I thought it would be an interesting one.

The good thing is we have 8 dudes that are at least somewhat satisfied and above. The bad thing is that we have
3 dudes that are not satisfied. And whoever isn't at all satisfied, you should do something else (unless that's Fowler)

{{< pure_table
"Answer|Votes|Pct"
"Extremely satisfied|1|9%"
"Very satisfied|4|36%"
"Somewhat satisfied|3|27%"
"Not so satisfied|2|18%"
"Not at all satisfied|1|9%"
>}}

## Next Dude to hop on the Marriage Train

Pretty obvious breakdown here. Basically two groups of dudes. Dudes with girlfriends, and dudes without. Andy comes in
first for group A, and ~~Dallman comes in first for group B~~. Total breakdown below. 

**Update**: When I originally wrote this I forgot dallman has a gfriend...so as an update, the first person in group B is
Jake!

{{< pure_table
"Dude|First Place Votes|Total Score|Average"
"Andy|6|100|9.09"
"Victor|1|93|8.45"
"D'James|2|90|8.18"
"Luke|2|86|7.82"
"Joey|0|66|6"
"Matt|0|45|4.09"
"Jake|0|34|3.09"
"James|0|32|2.91"
"Joe|0|30|2.73"
"Drew|0|29|2.64"
>}}

##### A big thank you to everyone that gave me their address! I guess Dallman isn't invited to my wedding now.

## Closing Notes

As we begin another fantasy season, I just want to remind everyone of your goals each week, and for the season.
* Have the highest scoring team every single week
* Don't lose
* Have a sick kicker
* Don't come in last
* Win the 'ship

A closing quote..

**“God bless fantasy football. There are many things a man can do with his time… this is better than those things.”**
 
 – Pete Eckhart
 
 
Good luck and have fun! Except Dallman. You're on my shit list.
 
## A link to the SurveyMonkey graphs can be found [HERE](https://www.surveymonkey.com/stories/SM-J2YZPNPV/)


